README.md, before:

# _Anagrams and Antigrams_

https://github.com/cheemurakami/Anagrams_and_Antigrams_ruby

#### Ruby for Epicodus, _05/8/2020_

#### By _**Chisato Murakami**_

## Description
This is a simple checker to check if two words are anagrams or not using Ruby.

## Project Specefications

|  Behavior                 |  Input  | Output
|---------------------------|---------|-------
| **Spec 1: Check if inputs are words only in each argument in compare_words method**| "123@#", "3&@?"| "You need to input actual words!"
| **Spec 2: Check if two inputs have the exact same letters**| "Tea", "Eat" | "2 words have the same letters"
| **Spec 3: Check if two inputs have vowels and y** | "qws", "wsd"| "You need to input actual words!" 
| **Spec 4: Remove if words have spaces and punctuations** | "cat tub", "cat.tub" | 
| **Spec 5: combine two methods** | |
| **Spec 6: ** | |


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* This program requires to have a web browser as Google Chrome, Safari or Mozilla Firefox

_{You can clone this program to your desktop or download the zip file on this page: }_

## Known Bugs

_{Fixed Ruby bug below:
  }_

## Support and contact details

_If you run our program and find any other bugs or issues in it's functionality or you want to add to this program we encourage you to reach out to either of us at: kiwipom1031@gmail.com

## Technologies Used

_Ruby_

### License

*This softwar is licensed under the MIT license [MIT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_{Chisato Murakami}_**

Commit message:

returns matched letters when 2 inputs are not anagrams

README.md, after:

# _Anagrams and Antigrams_

https://github.com/cheemurakami/Anagrams_and_Antigrams_ruby

#### Ruby for Epicodus, _05/8/2020_

#### By _**Chisato Murakami**_

## Description
This is a simple checker to check if two words are anagrams or not using Ruby.

## Project Specefications

|  Behavior                 |  Input  | Output
|---------------------------|---------|-------
| **Spec 1: Check if inputs are words only in each argument in compare_words method**| **"123@#", "3&@?"**| **"You need to input actual words!"**
| **Spec 2: Check if two inputs have the exact same letters**| **"tea", "eat"** | **"2 words have the same letters"**
| **Spec 3: replace words into lowercase**| **"Tea", "Eat"** | **"tea", "eat"**
| **Spec 4: Check if two inputs have vowels and y** | **"qws", "wsd"**| **"You need to input actual words!"**
| **Spec 5: Remove if words have spaces and punctuations** | **"cat tub", "cat.tub"** |**"These words are anagrams."**
| **Spec 6: combine two methods to show 3 kinds of messages** | **"Tea", "cat"** |**"These words have no letter matches and are antigrams."**



## Setup/Installation Requirements

* This program requires to have a web browser as Google Chrome, Safari or Mozilla Firefox

_{You can clone this program to your desktop or download the zip file on this page: }_

## Known Bugs

_{Fixed Ruby bug below:
  }_

## Support and contact details

_If you run our program and find any other bugs or issues in it's functionality or you want to add to this program we encourage you to reach out to either of us at: kiwipom1031@gmail.com

## Technologies Used

_Ruby_

### License

*This softwar is licensed under the MIT license [MIT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_{Chisato Murakami}_**
